# Phytonet - the internet of water

We are a group of biodesigners, biochemist, plant biologist and makers building a regenerative internet powered by algae in our waterways.

### Why we build this project?
Our current internet is growing at an incredible pace, every email we send and video we stream every day consumes energy. To question the status quo of the "faster and more" development model, I’ve teamed up with researchers from the University of Cambridge to create an algae-powered internet by combining the power of photosynthetic cycles and network technology to redefine how we connect and communicate in the digital landscape.

### What is Phytonet?
Phytonet is designed to be a regenerative web servers network powered by electricity generated by phytoplankton and microalgae in our rivers and canals. The algae-powered web server not only hosts web content but is also embedded with environmental sensors to monitor the water quality of our waterways. By integrating this regenerative energy source into the Internet's infrastructure, Phytonet aims to spark the imagination of an alternative model to run our Internet that is sustainable and in sync with nature's rhythms.

### Wetware

### Hardware

### Software

### Contributors
Maria Li - #Biodesign #citizen_science #stakeholder_engagement #prototyping #productdesign 

Paolo Bombelli - #Biophotovoltaic_system_characterisation #BPV_design 

Lorraine Archer - #phytoplankton_community_analysis #phytoplankton_physiology #algae_biofilm
